Friends here or construct ease moto three.
A neutron meant setup on Linux server to work with AWS services.
See before continuing with this video,
please go and watch our previous video that is
moto three environments set up on Windows Server to work with.
Oedipus says, let me continue with this.
C in order to configure database programmatic access keys on our local server,
we need to install AWS, see enlight.
So to install your AWS LA,
you have to go with p63 install AWS silane.
Now let me open my Amazon Linux.
Let me drive it.
Pip3 installed AWS, see enlight and observe the output.
See you are getting something called permission denied while installing the package.
Right? This module.
Now, see, because you're on Linux,
if you want to install any packages,
you had to go with the root.
Odd in case if you want to install that particular module,
AWS TLA only for your current user,
then you can use option called hyphen iPhone user.
Let's say.
If you're the root user directly,
you can then P53 install NWC.
Unlike in case if you don't have root privileges to run
this p3 than simply run pip install AWS ELA hyphen iPhone user,
that this AWS ELA will be installed for your current user.
Let's say. Now we have our AWS silane.
Then next step is you need to configure your credentials.
See already we have taken programmatic access keys of
root account and 2m users in our previous video,
let me configure these keys on my local host that is on Linux server.
So simply, you know, the command to configure your programmatic access keys, that is,
AWS, configure hyphen, hyphen profile.
Suppose I am configuring for root first.
Then just pass the keys. Access key ID.
Then you will secret access key.
Suppose here I am providing default region name as US East one.
Then default output format as the Sun.
Then let me take the IAM user credentials.
You can provide it any profile name,
but it's better to take same as your IAM user name so that you don't get confused.
Now let me pause the credentials.
Here I am giving one.
Now let me configure programmatic access keys for another IAM user.
So we configure programmatic access keys.
I am users on our Amazon Linux on what you've done automatically,
there is a directory dot database there it will be created and see that there is an AWS.
Let me navigate into that and see that there are two files.
One is about credentials,
and the second one is abode config.
So credentials file consists of what?
Butler profile limb with programmatic access keys.
And config file consists of your profile,
him with the default output and region meme.
That's right.
So there's a simple way to configure your programmatic access keys on you what?
Linux server.
So by these weak completed moto,
three environments set up on Windows and also on Linux server.
So in our next session we will see how to implement
Bhutto three scripts. Okay, thank you.